Add support to disable monitoring at the installation or cluster level (#48)
giantswarm/observability-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Disable prometheus agents if monitoring is disabled at the installation or cluster level.

Author: ```suggestion
- Delete monitoring resources if monitoring is disabled at the installation or cluster level.
```
